---
lang: en
type: collections
layout: default
---

_[This doesn't really count as a step but I'll leave it here anyway]_

#### One month

Wow, time really flies!  
I started to build this app **a month ago**.

So far, this has been a lot of fun. I've had some frustrating moments but if I hadn't, this would have been so boring 😝

Keeping this sort of progress journal is very helpful. Apart from actually noticing how time passes by, I can have a clear image of the evolution of the project. It motivates me to keep coding and finding new
ways to improve the app.

Here is a small recap of the status of the project. What do we have in our hands?

- 4 different lists of movies with a route for each (Discover, Popular, Top Rated and Coming Soon)
- A sidebar displaying navigation and filters on specific page (Discover)
- A nice way of searching for movies, either with the Search field or  with a simple URL (`/search?query=interstellar`) and a page where we display results of a search
- Below each list, we can load more movies with a button that makes another API call for the next page of results
- Filtering (rating, date, duration) and sorting (ascending, descending) options for movies. Filters can also be reset to default settings!
- A loading state when the user waits for API response for example
- A single movie page with basic information of the movie (overview, poster and backdrop image)
- Authentication with email/password as well as social networks (Twitter, GitHub, Facebook, Google)


Where do we go from here?

- Building an `About` or `Info` page could be useful for people that stumble upon the app
- 404 page and component (?)
- Replacing loading with placeholders would be a nice touch
- Users should have the ability to add movies to Favorites, Watch Later (and maybe Custom lists?). This should be persistent of course, hence the use of Firebase database
- The single movie page looks too empty. We need more info and better design. Adding similar/related movies could be fun
- Caching requests would be very interesting
- Add Redux and refactor (a lot)

If you have more ideas, [please go ahead](https://github.com/Macxim/eiga/issues/new?title=Cool%20Feature%20Idea)!
